# CS-4348-Scheduling-Algorithms-Project
A project meant to simulate OS Scheduling Algorithms in Java


Only one file is present in this project: Scheduler.java. Inside Scheduler, there are a multitude of classes, each serving their own purpose to create a functioning scheduling simulation. The first class is Stats, which is used to store the stats of every single process. Next is Process which is used to create a Process that contains an id, an initial arrival time and all the activities it has to perform (activities in this case are the predetermined CPU or I/O activities given by the process file). Event is a class that contains 3 types of events: Arrival, Blocking and Timer. It is in sync with the current processes in the simulation overall. SchedulerFile and ProcessFile just open the file and read the contents of the file. FCFS is a class that runs the FCFS algorithm, where processes are first entered into the event queue and get added to the main queue depending on if they're ARRIVAL or UNBLOCK events. The clock then gets manipulated depending on the current events and processes happening. Round Robin or RR is practically the same, but a new TIMER event is added and processes are only removed from the queue if they are less than time quantum. SPN is based off of FCFS but calculates the service time based on the actual CPU burst time and the first activity in a process acting as S1. Feedback is a combination of both FCFS and RR with the addition of priority queues. The results are then displayed in the main function. 
The main problem is that average turnaround time is sometimes not calculated properly and some of the processes have different stats then the sample stats provided.
This code was run on IntelliJ IDEA 2022.2.2 (Community Edition) on JDK 17 on a Windows 11 computer. 
